Dear Reader,
Let's begin our jounery to CyberSecurity.
When you hear the word Hacker, what is the first thing that appears in your mind? I guess, it must be a guy with a hoodie sitting in a dark room accessing things and doing some magics through computer. Isn't it? Okay,stop it movie addicts. Here we are going to learn who a hacker actually is, and is it even real what movies has shown us for years. Firstly, let us be clear of one thing that hackers do not do anything illegal. They are the ones who break into a system for a good cause. The ones who break in with a wrong intention, they are termed as "Crackers".
So, what have you decided to be, a hacker or a cracker? I know, definitely a hacker.
In the process to be a hacker, you need to learn a lot of things. Let us begin with the basics. 

Cybersecurity comprises of two words, Cyber & Security. Cyber means related to computers and Security means Security, right? Okay, Protection! In a nutshell, we have to protect our computers. But from whom? Ofcourse, those crackers! How? By learning!
To learn to protect our computers, we need to know how these crackers are getting into our system. Through their computers. Obviously, they will not come and login to your system and steal from you. How do they access our system from theirs? Network! They pull up your confidential data through sedning plethora of requests and commands to our system over the network. 

'Over the network' does not only mean writing codes and programs that a non-technical person can't comprehend. It can as simple as calling someone up and deceiving them into giving their confidential data like Credit card number, CVV, etc. and withdrawing money without the owner's consent. This is called as "Vishing". There are many more like this, Phising is the act of sending some malicious link through email or website which, when clicked, can let the frauds gain your crucial data. DoS, Denial of Service, the crackers puts in too much of traffic in the access area that when the authentic user tries to login they fail and end up providing their password and data. So enable your two-factor authentication. They can steal your password, but not your OTP unless you're not careful enough to not give them that too.
That's it for today. 
See you at the next page with some more knowledge to absorb.

~Aparna
